AAP-35120 updated architecture introduction (#2510)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-aap-architecture.adoc

[id='aap_architecture']
= {PlatformName} Architecture

> Red Hat recommends that customers always deploy all components of {PlatformNameShort} so that all features and capabilities are available for use without the need to take further action.

Reviewer: Suggestion based on RH supplementary guide regarding using "Red Hat suggests" [here](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend):

```suggestion
Always deploy all components of {PlatformNameShort} so that all features and capabilities are available for use without the need to take further action.
```

> Red Hat tests and recommends installing {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers} based on a defined set of infrastructure topologies or reference architectures. Enterprise organizations should use one of the enterprise topologies for production deployments to ensure the highest level of uptime, performance, and continued scalability. Organizations or deployments that are resource constrained can use a "growth" topology.

Reviewer: Same as above regarding the use of "RH recommends...": 

```suggestion
Red Hat tests the installation of {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers} based on a defined set of infrastructure topologies or reference architectures. Based on the results, use one of the enterprise topologies for production deployments to ensure the highest level of uptime, performance, and continued scalability. Organizations or deployments that are resource constrained can use a "growth" topology.
```
